# Capstone Project (Tasweqar Real Estate System)
 
Tasweqar is a real estate agency that helps the clients to buy or sell properties by handling and facilitating the transactions between the buyers and sellers in which the seller can place their properties in the market and the buyer can find their preferred properties. 

The project was completed by a team of 8 members, in a duration of 17 weeks. Starting from 29 August 2021 to 18 December 2021. August 29, 2021 was the first meeting with the client to specify the client needs, project’s scope, and duration. The project went through SDLC phases, in the initial phases which is planning, analysis, and design the knowledge acquired from our previous academic courses (e.g., Business System Analysis and Design, Business Data Management, IS Project Management). For the implementation phase the knowledge acquired from academic courses and online courses for web development languages.

In the implementation phase, we started coding the system and creating the database. We used multiple programming languages, like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and SQL, and PHP. The tools we used were VisualStudio and XAMPP. We also used PhpMyAdmin to manage the database and insert data through it. The first step we made was writing the HTML and CSS code to create a basic structure and design for the interface, then we began getting into the use cases one by one starting with the Buyer and Seller actors. We used JavaScript to allow interactions from the users. After we were done with the first two actors, we moved to the admin and manager actors. Lastly, we used PHP to connect to the database, and we inserted the data through SQL and PhpMyAdmin. 

